Gary: Why wouldn't you make your bed in the morning?
Ursula: who cares if my bed is made or not? I don't care if yours is made.
Mary: That's right! Why wouldn't you?
Gary: Well Ursula, maybe you just don't care much about the state of your house but other people do!
Bobby: I agree with Ursula on this... it's nobody else's business if I make it or not. Besides, what concrete benefit is there in making it?
Daisy: The important aspect is how/if this results in some sort of benefit afterwards, right?
Ursula: Then I'll give you a jey, Gary ... and you can come and make my bed if it bothers you so much
Mary: I do care as well
Bobby: Yes, is there an expectation that making your bed confers some specific benefit? I haven't heard any research that shows that.
Gary: Thanks Mary, yes! Maybe you and I can convince Ursula. 
Bobby: If we can show that making your bed is actually a net positive or benefit for people, then perhaps some kind of public messages could be made available. Like Public Service Messages.
Gary: Well Bobby, it is just common sense. Do you need to see research before you breathe?
Mary: I think so too! Why would you not care about the state of your house Ursula?
Bobby: If you are trying to suggest people should/must make their bed, that seems awful close to authoritarianism.
Mary: Ooh, that is a fair point!
Ursula: I can't see what anybody is typing, but that suits me just fine because I'm not really that interested.
Gary: Ursula should care about her house.
Alex: Making your bed has a lot of benefits, but there is no requirement
Bobby: You should only be here if you are going to contribute something positive anyway Ursula.
Bobby: Alex, what benefits does it provide? Nobody has listed a single one.
Daisy: If people making their beds results in a more stable society in the future, i.e., because they learn discipline or another virtue, it's worthwhile. On the other side, if this extra pressure causes people to potentially "flip" as adults, then it shouldn't be needed
Mary: Ursula is not being very helpful here
Alex: However, the user design here is not correct
Mary: I agree with Alex
Bobby: so is the conjecture that making your bed instills discipline? It teaches people to follow the rules from an early age... that seems like a negative to me. Kids already have enough lessons making them perfect little worker drones.
Alex: Most user specifications would identify autoscrolling and readability
Alex: There really are only a few ways to make a good interface
Mary: I think they have done a good job mostly, it is just a little haywire
Alex: Come to think of it, making your bed has its similarities
Gary: Yes Bobby, it's about discipline, but also about creating a nice space where other people want to come into. An unmade bed is a sign of a disorganized and chaotic morning...not a good way to start your day.
Mary: I would have a miserable day when I do not make my bed
Alex: You can make your bed the wrong way, or not make it at all, but in the end there will always be consequences
Bobby: I think you are projecting your own ideas about what a bed says about a mind. I personally just shovel my blankets into the closet out of the way until I need them again. It's more than enough to let me start the morning without following some arbitrary rule that someone else made about what MY house should look like or how I should start my morning.
Gary: Yes, you should definitely make it.
Ursula: Only fascists would care if someone else had made their bed
Mary: I feel we have enough rules to follow as is
Mary: I do not think calling them fascists is accurate
Bobby: exactly, just let people do what works for them. Like, if I have a child, I won't force them to make their bed... but if they **want **to learn how to make it up properly I can help them.
Alex: There are no official rules for bed making, but often the order that it adds to your day is beneficial to you and to others. 
Daisy: Bobby, the point wouldn't be turning them to "drone-workers". We would need to prepare them for a stable society
Gary: Ursula, no, it's really only anarchists who insist on not making their beds.
Bobby: Stable society works just fine for the people who leave a pile of blankets as the people who spend minutes tucking in sheets!
Gary: Yes Bobby, but just teaching a child how to make their bed once is not enough, making the bed involves the ongoing practice of it, the habit....
Alex: btw, UX specs often specify using carriage return instead of having to click on "Add Comment"
Bobby: I mean hyperbole aside, it mostly seems to come down to personal preference right? Some people feel like the extra structure of making your bed helps, and puts them in the right frame of mind for the morning, while others feel like its a meaningless rule that makes them stressed or unhappy. I think we all agree that nobody should care what you do with your bed in your own home.
Mary: Is it not too soon to vote?
Ursula: Maybe we should just collect more taxes and hire the unemployed to come make our beds
Alex: So what is the greater good? Is it following the orderliness of bedmaking or the freedom to leave a pile of blankets? I need to know!
Mary: That is a bit extreme Ursula
Gary: But the other people in your house may not want to look at your unmade bed all day!
Bobby: the greater good shouldn't be regulated to the point of dictating people's bed (in any sense!)
Alex: I like Ursula's idea. It's a greater good!
Mary: I would hate to see my brother's messy room all day
Daisy: I am starting to think that if you were all made to make your beds, we wouldn't be having this messy discussion now..
Gary: @Ursula, I like the idea!
Ursula: If you want everybody to be the same then move to a communist country.
Bobby: Mary, you may not want to see his messy bed, but we're talking about some kind of... bed making Regulation, which is just wrong.
Mary: I am sure China has rules regarding this
Bobby: now we're not just talking about if its valuable to make your bed, its talking about if someone should MAKE you, and that's ridiculous.
Mary: I think if anything the people are way more disciplined than us
Alex: If there were regulations, it would be better. I hate this uncertainty 
Bobby: I bet they probably do have rules for this, and that's horrible.
Ursula: Making beds is women's work. We should leave it to them while we go fishing.
Mary: If it is a good thing, I think you should be made to do it
Bobby: oh NO Ursula, you didn't.
Mary: I kind of see Ursula's point
Ursula: I did some research and it turns out that a made bed is bad for your health. It becomes a breeding ground for lice.
Bobby: look, if you guys want to agree that the government should make laws enforcing bedmaking, I think you are stark raving mad. I will never agree to that degree of totalitarianism.
Mary: Oh no! I hate lice
Daisy: I think your lack of discipline is causing the discussion to diverge.. Back to bed-making please!
Alex: No one can force anyone to do anything unless we agree as a people. That's what laws are. Otherwise it's freedom and self expression, which is good
Mary: I understand we do not need that kind of totalitarianism
Bobby: ok, so, if nobody can force anybody and we agree on that, then why don't we vote on my verdict.
Gary: I agree with Daisy!
Mary: Nobody can but that does not mean you should not do it
Ursula: Seems to me that Daisy is a bit of a control freak.
Bobby: I think the answer is some people should and some people shouldn't. I don't think you can definitively say that everyone benefits from making their bed.
Mary: I thought it was common knowledge
Bobby: well, it sounds like Mary and I agree then?
Alex: Maybe we need to know what bed making actually is?
Daisy: @Ursula: Society needs control to assure stability: otherwise, we'll end up with chaos and anarchy
Mary: Yes I think so
Ursula: Could you be a little more on the fence there, Bobby? Maybe grow a spine and take a position.
Bobby: I think the position is that picking absolute truth for something like this is stupid. 
Mary: @Alex that is a good point! Can someone define it?
Alex: I mean, what about that tag THAT YOU CAN NEVER REMOVE?????
Bobby: only the manufacturer cannot remove it... 
Ursula: You sheeple can go ahead and make your beds. I'm going to clean my gun in case you knock on my door with your apron on.
Bobby: look, we've only got 4 minutes left, so can we compromise with this?
Mary: I think so too @Bobby
Alex: BUT THE TAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAGGGGG!!!!
Mary: It is super frustrating
Bobby: and just say that there is evidence that making (or NOT making) your bed has value to different people, and they should be able to choose for themselves. Maybe its also worthwhile to investigate the benefits more to see if it helps society as a whole.
Mary: It gets all sticky and its better to leave it on than trying to remove it 
Alex: I can live with @Daisy's solution, as long as the tag stays on
Gary: I am happy to agree that bed-making is good and if you don't want to make your own bed than you should be paying someone to do it.
Bobby: that's not acceptable Gary, I think bedmaking is actually a negative for some people. 
Daisy: All this disorganization irks be to the bone. If your parents had instilled a bit of discipline in you, we wouldn't be dealing with this chaos...
Mary: I would teach my kids to do the same
Ursula: Seems to me you all would like to turn into Weimar Germany. I think Hitler wanted everyone to make their bed. You're all just a bunch of Nazis.
Bobby: well, as long as people like Gary insist bedmaking is always a good thing I don't think we can come to consensus.
Mary: It is important to make your bed
Bobby: woops
Bobby: I accidentally voted no on Alex.
Bobby: but I meant to hit Agree
Bobby: now it won't let me change it...
