Attack Helicopter: What age do you think it is OK to get a smartphone
Borys Lang: It's hard to say cause I don't have children.
My young cousins, the older one has one and they're about 13, the younger plays games on their parent's one
Borys Lang: Okay, well, I won't restate my previous point
manymagpie: hi
Attack Helicopter: Kids should play outside not online
manymagpie: Yes.
Borys Lang: Why? I played playstation when I was seven. It was a great time, and Lego from about 6
Borys Lang: Both indoors (mainly)
moonmoth: I think some children start to use mobile devices too early. It's just like a way that parents want them to be quiet..
Attack Helicopter: That explains why you have no profile picture
Borys Lang: I agree that it could be lazy parenting moonmoth, but do you think there are some negative consequences of 'too early'?
Borys Lang: What does a profile picture have to do with me being an indoors kid?
manymagpie: What are the consequences? As with everything, there's an opportunity cost. If you're playing with a smartphone when you're 6, you're not doing other things.
Borys Lang: I mean, I went outside _as well_, I'm just saying that I see no reason to rule out indoor activities for children
Borys Lang: So? If you're playing soccer when you're 6 you're 'not doing other things'
manymagpie: Yes, everything has a cost like that
moonmoth: Well they may be addicted to electronic devices and don't want to do anything else. And of course, it's bad for their eyes.
Borys Lang: Besides, phones can be incorporated with outdoor play anyway.
Pokemon go? Photography? Many children love taking photos
manymagpie: I agree with moonmoth; phones are designed to be easy and attractive to use straight away, and just having them available slows kids down from starting activities which are tougher to start but very valuable and fun
Borys Lang: Addiction? You can be addicted to Lego or normal video games or so many other things.
Attack Helicopter: Phones aren't toys
Borys Lang: Notice how you didn't say 'more valuable and fun' but 'very valuable and fun' thereby indicating that even you don't necessarily see an advantage of other activities to phones
Attack Helicopter: I don't have a problem with kids taking photos, don't see how that necessitates aphone
manymagpie: Yeah, it depends on the kid. What alternative activities are available to them personally?
Borys Lang: What does it matter if they're a toy or not? Sticks aren't really toys either, neither is sand, but kids use those
Attack Helicopter: Yes they are
Borys Lang: What, you're saying sand is a toy?
Attack Helicopter: Phones have capacity to be cause harm in more ways than sand
Attack Helicopter: Sand is part of the real world
manymagpie: 'toy' and'addiction' both have debated definitions.
manymagpie: not sure if it helps to focus on that.
Borys Lang: Phones are also part of the real world
Borys Lang: Yes, I agree many, let's leave those behind
Attack Helicopter: Learning what sand does when you are young is more important than learning how to use a phone
moonmoth: I think they need to know what the use of the smartphone is rather than just playing with it as a game machine
Borys Lang: Sticks can cause more harm than phones!
Attack Helicopter: Wait
Attack Helicopter: So getting exposed to porn when you are 5 is less harmful than being hit with a stick by your brother Borys?
Borys Lang: Yes, smartphones have other features than games
manymagpie: Yes, knowing how to use the smartphone as a machine is good. I think this learning doesn't need to take place at age 6, or even age 10. Because as I said, phones are designed to be easy and attractive to use straight away
Attack Helicopter: True
manymagpie: Also, A. Helicopter's point just now is good
Attack Helicopter: Also learning how to use phone isn't rocket science
Borys Lang: You can also be exposed to such from a computer, are you banning those to children too? Besides, do 5 year olds really get into that
Borys Lang: ?
manymagpie: Our discussion point is 'should they have these devices?' not 'should we ban them'
Attack Helicopter: The answer is yes, but I think it doesn't matter because they could be exposed to it unententionly
Borys Lang: Yeah, it is about whether it's "necessary" not whether it's "nice"
Attack Helicopter: That was never a point
manymagpie: so we ned to decide on what is ideal, without necessarily recommending a ban
Attack Helicopter: No one is recommending a ban on anything
manymagpie: indeed
Attack Helicopter: A phone is more than a computer because it is always were ever you may roam
manymagpie: Yeah, that's one of the reasons why a smartphone tends to have a big opportunity cost. It's sooo available
Borys Lang: Well, when I was young, a not-so-smart-phone _was_ necessary when being at school and getting picked up by parents, so I could see phones still providing that use today, but do we have to go all the way to 'smart'phones?
Perhaps if the parents thought SMS was expensive or they'd prefer something else then a smartphone may be necessar
Attack Helicopter: So what age do you think a child can have their first smart phone
manymagpie: "mobile devices like smartphones"
Attack Helicopter: Right so I think a child can have a dumb phone as it necessitates
Attack Helicopter: Because of practicalicality
Attack Helicopter: (spelling)
Borys Lang: At intermediate, I would have been maybe, hmm, 11-12?
Borys Lang: So I'd say 10 is a good age
manymagpie: Up to 10 is more or less childhood.
Attack Helicopter: Yes, and that gives you a good chance to be taught what the purpose of a phone is
manymagpie: Our culture starts using the category 'teenager' for 13+
Borys Lang: tween for 11 and 12
Attack Helicopter: Thats OK to me, because were talking no internet in their pocket or games
Borys Lang: Yeah, if you eliminate the internet, which is easy to do, then your porn worry is no longer an issue
Borys Lang: So are we all cool with 10?
Attack Helicopter: Depending on the child, I would say once they get to mid teens it would be OK for them to have a smartphone with certain restrictions
moonmoth: Yep I agree
manymagpie: How's this: 'It's ideal for kids up to ~10 not to have internet-able mobile devices'
Attack Helicopter: I can agree to that
Attack Helicopter: Bit weaker than I would ask for
manymagpie: But our mandate is just to come to a consensus
Borys Lang: Well I'm still down for 10-and above smartphones being justifiable
manymagpie: OK
manymagpie: Shall we change it to 'kids up to 9'
Attack Helicopter: Up to 13
Borys Lang: Why 13?
manymagpie: Any number is hard to justify for everyone. Do we have a rough consensus?
manymagpie: That's why I put the ~approximate~ sign in the statement
Borys Lang: Well, how about we all say our age and then take an average and see if we can agree to that?
Attack Helicopter: Yes I think so
manymagpie: 13
Attack Helicopter: We agree to disagree a little bit
Borys Lang: So (10+13+13+?)/4 = ?
moonmoth: Around mid teen
Borys Lang: mid teen, is that, like, 15?
manymagpie: Say 15?
moonmoth: Yep
Attack Helicopter: I agree
Borys Lang: So that's 12.75, I think that's still too high
manymagpie: How about we don't round up then. Just say 12.
Borys Lang: But look, my argument for school is kinda lame, cause who needs public schooling anyway, so yip, not much need really, so okay, let's go 12
manymagpie: But if you're sure, Borys, then I don't want to pressure you
Borys Lang: All thumbs up to 12?
moonmoth: Yep
Borys Lang: Okay, that's all 4
