Borys Lang: Nothing to worry about, who cares
Attack Helicopter: Not much to worry about
Borys Lang: Yeah, that's 2/4 on this point
Attack Helicopter: The only thing to worry about is Siri going to war with alexa
Borys Lang: Yeah but that's just like, a trade war, so that's all goods
manymagpie: I don't think that's likely. Siri's too polite. But that might not be the only concern.
Attack Helicopter: Ask Siri to lend you money
Borys Lang: Do you dare raise more concerns about AI?
Attack Helicopter: Do it a couple of times and see all the excuses she has
Borys Lang: I for one, welcome our new AI overlords
Attack Helicopter: Are you a uni student?
manymagpie: Trying to think of some,
manymagpie: but I mean outside of cartoony outcomes like AI wars
Borys Lang: Okay...
manymagpie: more mundane things like economic or cultural impacts.
Borys Lang: Such as?
manymagpie: Who makes the AI and what are their working conditions?
Borys Lang: Wait what, are you arguing for droid rights?
Attack Helicopter: When anything funky starts happening, I will just pack my guitars and guns and go live on the back of my ranch
manymagpie: What does the AI mean to people? What is it a symbol of?
Attack Helicopter: So nothing for me to worry about
Borys Lang: But you're an Attack Helicopter. What do you have to be afraid of?
moonmoth: Well I guess some concerns may be that AI can replace human beings on some occupations and then people will lose their jobs
Attack Helicopter: Then again AI will need servicing
manymagpie: Personally I'm not worried about that.
manymagpie: Exactly. People will have to make/fix/organize the AI.
Attack Helicopter: Therefore the workforce would need to change tack and shift the skill base
Borys Lang: But the AI can work for you too, and jobs have been being 'lost' since forever.
Attack Helicopter: Why are you not worried about people losing their jobs?
manymagpie: The process of shifting skill base is not exactly painless.
Attack Helicopter: No
Attack Helicopter: True
manymagpie: What was the question? Was it 'should we ban AI' or just 'are there concerns'?
moonmoth: The latter one
Attack Helicopter: But if major AI workforces were introduced, people would lose their jobs and spending potential
Attack Helicopter: therfore,
Attack Helicopter: if this happened in a large scale in the market
Attack Helicopter: There would be less demand on the products the Ais make
Attack Helicopter: Decreasing their value
Attack Helicopter: Make any sense?
moonmoth: Yes that's a good point
Borys Lang: Well, the reason AI are replacing humans would be because they are more cost effective at the job, which could be because we overpay the human workers or that the AI are actually better.
The thing is, you can always find a new productive thing to do, and when the AI does your previous task better and you find a new task, overrall productivity is greater.

It's really just our economic system that is the concern here, it's got no more to do with AI than it does with hammers
manymagpie: It seems to me we haven't been able to think of concerns that are particular to AI
Borys Lang: Yes
Attack Helicopter: Like the lack of facial expressions
Borys Lang: In time those may be modelled. I don't see that as a real concern anyway though
manymagpie: I still think there might be some cultural concerns, but that's more about how people interpret it than the AI itself.
Attack Helicopter: What cultural concerns?
Borys Lang: What cultural concerns do you have with wheelbarrows any more than an AI?
manymagpie: I'd double down on that and say wheelbarrows can be powerful symbols.
Attack Helicopter: Consuming CNN
Borys Lang: Then AI too could be powerful symbols, no?
manymagpie: So much depends on a wheelbarrow, as the poet William Carlos Williams said
Attack Helicopter: There would need to be a monopoly token that looked like an AI
manymagpie: Yes. But again, that's not the fault of the AI itself.
Borys Lang: Great, wheelbarrows are useful and so are AI
manymagpie: And if it is a problem, I think it would not be solved by saying, 'Let's not make AI'
Borys Lang: But there is no 'look' of an AI. They come in many forms
Borys Lang: Okay, moonmoth, you haven't said much?
Borys Lang: Are we all agreed that there's no real concerns?
Attack Helicopter: OK, so AI (and wheelbarrows) are useful tools, so long as we use them in a way that is honoring to God and respects man, there should be no probolem
manymagpie: Yeah, that's where I'm at. I'm ready to agree.
Attack Helicopter: Furthermore
Borys Lang: Yep, I'm gonna thumbs up
Attack Helicopter: If concern is actually worry...
Attack Helicopter: It's unessesary
moonmoth: Right. Well I guess I would agree on this point.
manymagpie: Also, I think the concerns would need to be more articulate and more AI-specific to justify a group conclusion that there are concerns.
Attack Helicopter: What
Borys Lang: Yes, I agree
Borys Lang: moonmoth has yet to thumbs up
Attack Helicopter: Can you in good conscience thump it up moonmoth
